docs(graphql): add section on accessing response via context (#2146)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/graphql/resolvers-map.md

Sometimes you need to access the object representing your HTTP Response or Request from one of your resolvers. The request object is already accesible via the `GraphQLExecutionContext`. In order to access the `Response` object the context has to be extended when the module is initialized:

```typescript
@Module({
  imports: [
    GraphQLModule.forRoot({
      autoSchemaFile: join(process.cwd(), 'src/schema.gql'),
      context: ({ res }) => ({ res }),
    }),
  ],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

For the best experience it is recommended to notify the typescript compiler about these changes. This can be done by simply creating a custom context type:

```typescript
import { GraphQLExecutionContext } from '@nestjs/graphql';
import { Request, Response } from 'express';

export type GraphQLContext = GraphQLExecutionContext & {
  req: Request;
  res: Response;
};
```

> info **Hint** While the `Request` object is available by default it is not typed. You can add it here to get access to the correct type information for either express or fastify.

In order to access the context you cann pass it as an argument annotedted with the `@Context()` decorator.

#### Example

> One instance where you might want to access the response object is to set a [cookie](https://docs.nestjs.com/techniques/cookies#cookies) when a user logs in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One instance where you might want to access the response object is to set a [cookie](../techniques/cookies.md#cookies) when a user logs in:
```

> One instance where you might want to access the response object is to set a [cookie](https://docs.nestjs.com/techniques/cookies#cookies) when a user logs in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One instance where you might want to access the response object is to set a [cookie](../techniques/cookies#cookies) when a user logs in:
```

```typescript
@Resolver()
export class LoginResolver {
  constructor(private readonly authService: AuthService) {}

  @Mutation(() => {
    message: string;
  })
  public async login(
    @Args('input') input: LoginInput,
    @Context() context: GraphQLContext,
  ) {
    await this.authService.performLogin(input.email, input.password);

    context.res.cookie('cookie_name', 'cookie_value');

    return { message: 'Login in successful' };
  }
}
```

> > info **Hint** You may want to do this when using a [JWT authentication strategy](https://docs.nestjs.com/security/authentication#jwt-functionality).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> info **Hint** You may want to do this when using a [JWT authentication strategy](../security/authentication.md#jwt-functionality).
```

Reviewer 2: @micalevisk why `.md` here?

Reviewer: to make it explorable from markdown on github as well and not just from the docs sites for, let's say, those looking for dark mode.

https://github.com/nestjs/docs.nestjs.com/blob/07ffd3e6cb9b10b6b64c8dcd87fd876f408f6f71/content/faq/errors.md#L27

Reviewer: nvm. I just checked https://docs.nestjs.com/faq/common-errors result. That hyperlink didn't worked as I expected '-'

Author: @micalevisk @kamilmysliwiec  so shall I change the links to point to the relative path of the markdown files instead?

Reviewer: @benediktms no. Looks like there's no way to make it work for both markdown and docs site at same time :/
